README.md, before:



<!--
**jairajsahgal/jairajsahgal** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

# Hello, there! <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MartinHeinz/MartinHeinz/master/wave.gif" width="30px">
I'm a Computer Science Graduate from University of Petroleum and Energy Studies, Dehradun, India. I have hands on experience in Algo Trading, Blockchain, Data Analysis, Data Science, and Automation.

# My projects

## Torrent_Manager_CLI (Python, Requests, Tabulate)
Stream Movies, Download torrents from command line
[Check it out here](https://github.com/jairajsahgal/torrent-manager-CLI)
![Working of program](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jairajsahgal/torrent-manager-CLI/master/torrent-manager-2020-12-15-18260.gif)

## File Uploader (Python, Requests)
Upload file and get links from command line
[Check it out here](https://github.com/jairajsahgal/file_uploader)
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jairajsahgal/file_uploader/main/simplescreenrecorder-2020-12-12_21.59.29.gif" width="800"/>

## Download Folder Cleaner (Python, Shutil, OS, subprocess)
Clean your download folder in a instant!
[Find out more here](https://github.com/jairajsahgal/Download_Folder_Cleaner)
![Working of program](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jairajsahgal/Download_Folder_Cleaner/main/1607437502053.gif)

<!-- More to be added -->

Commit message:

Added more project links and gifs.

README.md, after:



<!--
**jairajsahgal/jairajsahgal** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

# Hello, there! <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MartinHeinz/MartinHeinz/master/wave.gif" width="30px">
I'm a Computer Science Graduate from University of Petroleum and Energy Studies, Dehradun, India. I have hands on experience in Algo Trading, Blockchain, Data Analysis, Data Science, and Automation.

# My projects

## Torrent_Manager_CLI (Python, Requests, Tabulate)
Stream Movies, Download torrents from command line
[Check it out here](https://github.com/jairajsahgal/torrent-manager-CLI)
![Working of program](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jairajsahgal/torrent-manager-CLI/master/torrent-manager-2020-12-15-18260.gif)

## File Uploader (Python, Requests)
Upload file and get links from command line
[Check it out here](https://github.com/jairajsahgal/file_uploader)
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jairajsahgal/file_uploader/main/simplescreenrecorder-2020-12-12_21.59.29.gif" width="800"/>

## Download Folder Cleaner (Python, Shutil, OS, subprocess)
Clean your download folder in a instant!
[Find out more here](https://github.com/jairajsahgal/Download_Folder_Cleaner)
![Working of program](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jairajsahgal/Download_Folder_Cleaner/main/1607437502053.gif)

## Covid-19 Increase in Cases as per country Bar Chart Race

[Find out more](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1FqYjbikjhYJCgKPMjbeiA7WpS1IYuVGb?usp=sharing)
![Output](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jairajsahgal/covid_bar_chart_race/master/covid-19-december_0vVlXF64_2Uju.gif)

## Image to ASCII converter

Convert your images to ASCII characters
[Check it out here](https://github.com/jairajsahgal/image_to_ascii)
![Output](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jairajsahgal/image_to_ascii/master/image_to_ascii-2020-12-18_01.42.15.gif)

## 
<!-- More to be added -->
